dnsx: add page (#12618)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dnsx.md

# dnsx

> > A fast and multi-purpose DNS toolkit allow to run multiple DNS queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A fast and multi-purpose DNS toolkit to run multiple DNS queries.
```
How about this?

> > Note: input to `dnsx` needs to be passed through `stdin` (pipe `|`) in some cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> See also: `dig`, `dog`, `dnstracer`.
```

Author: The first time I used `dnsx`, I found it very confusing because it did not behave like a usual CLI tool. Arguments needed to be passed via a pipe of through a switch. So the `Note` line IMO is more important than `See also`.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I removed it accidentally.

> More information: <https://github.com/projectdiscovery/dnsx>.

> - Query the A record of a (sub)domain:

Reviewer 2: What's the meaning of `-re`?

Author: `-re` shows the response received from the queried DNS server. For example, if a `A` record is queried, without `-re` the output will not contain the IP Address of the queried (sub)domain.

Reviewer 2: Could you add a mnemonic to it, please?

Author: @vitorhcl Done

`echo {{example.com}} | dnsx -a -re`

> - Query all the dns records (A,AAAA,CNAME,NS,TXT,SRV,PTR,MX,SOA,AXFR,CAA):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Query all the DNS records (A,AAAA,CNAME,NS,TXT,SRV,PTR,MX,SOA,AXFR,CAA):
```

`dnsx -recon -re <<< {{example.com}}`

- Query a specific type of DNS record:

`echo {{example.com}} | dnsx -re -{{a|aaaa|cname|ns|txt|srv|ptr|mx|soa|any|axfr|caa}}`

- Output [r]esponse [o]nly (do not show the queried domain or subdomain):

`echo {{example.com}} | dnsx -ro`

> - Display raw response of a query (`dig` style output), specifying [r]esolvers to use and retry attempts for failures:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specify output style, [r]esolvers and number of retry attempts for failures:
```

Author: The option is not really meant to display different styles of output. I added the `dig style output` as a hint.

`echo {{example.com}} | dnsx -{{debug|raw}} -resolver {{1.1.1.1,8.8.8.8,...}} -retry {{number}}`

> - Brute force DNS records using `FUZZ` placeholder:

Reviewer 2: Does it need to be specifically `FUZZ`?

Author: Updated.

`dnsx -domain {{FUZZ.example.com}} -wordlist {{path/to/wordlist.txt}} -re`

- Brute force DNS records from a list of [d]omains and wordlists, appending [o]utput to a file wih [n]o [c]olor codes:

`dnsx -domain {{path/to/domain.txt}} -wordlist {{path/to/wordlist.txt}} -re -output {{path/to/output.txt}} -no-color`

> - Extract CNAME records for the given list of subdomains, with [r]ate [l]imiting dns queries per second:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Extract `CNAME` records for the given list of subdomains, with [r]ate [l]imiting DNS queries per second:
```
